---
layout: post
title:  "Things I Forget Too Often"
date:   2017-7-27
categories: growth forget
---

# I Often Forget The Most Important Things

This happens too often to me - I am reminded of the things I should be focusing on after a period of neglect.
Then I focus on them for a few weeks, and it drifts away. Then I am reminded of the things I should be focusing on.
Over and over and over again.

So this is my list of things I should remember everyday.

## Drink Lots of Water

If I'm thirsty, I've waited too long. This will dramatically reduce how often I get headaches and my overall 
health will increase.

## Do Things To Delight Others

Little things go a long way. Do at least one thing every day. Funny things happen when you try to figure out how you
can bless someone.

## Leaders Eat Last

Put others first. Always be thinking about how you can benefit those around you.

## Make A List of 3 Things To Get Done

It's simple. List 3 things that - if you get them done - mean you had a successful day. Do this everyday and you'll 
make lots of progress in any venture.

## Cut Out Consumption

Every once in a while I get on a social media binge. I need to be producing, not consuming.

## Working Out Isn't Just About Getting Fit

I need to work out to reduce my stress levels. When I am stressed, I tend to get very little work done.

## Write Things Down (Everything)

I can't tell you how many times I have forgotten something that I should know. Brains should be used for 
computation, not storage. Write things down so they are stored somewhere else.

## Track Your Progress

You can't improve what you can't measure. Get data, and act on that data.

## Think Long Term

The actions you do today will change who you are tomorrow. Stop thinking so short term. You're in this for the 
rest of your life.

## Communicate. Over communicate.

It really helps me to let others know how I feel, what I'm doing and how I feel about them. It helps me because it
informs them, and they can make better decisions with better information, which directly impacts me in the long term.

## Stretch

I will thank myself in 20 years.

## Listen To Music While You Work

Music helps me focus while I work. It elimitanes distractions and gets my mind in the right place when I listen to something on repeat.

-----

This list will grow over time as I remember things that I should remember.
