---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome To 1% Growth"
date:   2017-7-25
categories: growth welcome
---
# I've Been Thinking About This For A While

This is something that I've wanted to do for a while now. 
I really want to help people get un-stuck, or at least 
convince them that they can live a better life by changing
themselves. 

I personally have been on a journey that is leading me out of
debt and corporate America, and leading me to financial security,
freedom to use my time how I want, and working on what I want to
work on.

It's simple. I'm chasing freedom, and you should be as well.

Success to me *is* freedom. Freedom of time, money, and work.

# Why A Blog?

What does this have to do with 1% Growth? Well, I believe these philosophies:

- If you're not living you're dying.
- Seize the morning and you'll seize the day.
- Success is the sum of little things over time, not a single sprint.
- A double minded man is unstable in all of his ways.

And the one that pertains to this blog:
- Grow 1% everyday and you'll be **37.8 times** farther than you were last year.

37.8 times. That's quite a lot - and frankly a completely unreasonable growth rate,
but it sounds good. Conversely, if you decrease 1% daily, you'll be 3% of what 
you were the prior year. 

There are certain things that we can do every day - little things - that make a *huge*
difference in our lives. 

Working out a little bit every day, and not overeating everyday, can be crucial to
maintaining your weight.

Reading good, successful books and content everyday will expand your mind to allow you
to be successful.

Doing things to impress your spouse, give attention to your kids, and showing your 
family you love them every day can go a long way.

The list goes on - and that's what this blog is about.

I want to bring you little things that you can implement in your life right now 
that will make a big difference. 

# What You Can Expect

Daily posts - **maybe**.

A podcast (in the future) - **definitely**.

Great content - **absolutely**.

I'll be putting my thoughts, shortcomings, successes, growth tips and tricks,
advice and more on this blog. It's going to be awesome.

Thanks for joining me. 