---
title: Environment
date: 2017-07-30 00:00:00 Z
categories:
- habits
- environment
layout: post
---

## Environment Drives Habits

Your environment impacts you, whether you like it or not.

If people are negative around you, you'll tend to be more negative. If people
constantly put you down and tell you you are worthless, you start to feel that.

If people around you treat you well, are nice to you and are positive towards you,
you'll tend to be more positive. 

I could go on but you get the point.

Unless you explicitly know the biases that those around you have, you are indirectly
influenced by everyone. 

## Environment Can Change Everything

Not only can your environment have gradual impacts on your personality, it can have 
drastic and quick impacts as well. 

When someone dies that is close to you - it changes your world. A marriage, a divorce, a child, 
a graduation. These things can change you forever, very quickly.

Some are good, some are bad. But there are some elements of your environment that you can control.

You can control your sphere of influence. The people that are closest to you. You don't have to 
hang out with the people that bring you down. You can get new friends - ones that will lift you up.

## You Can Make An Impact On Your Environment

If you're 'stuck', you can help others change by offering value in exchange for nothing.

That means doing things for people that genuinely mean something. That typically allows you to 
be able to talk to those people about things you normally wouldn't talk about, and you might
even be able to get them to change some of their ways. 

Your enviroment won't change without you taking action. So, you can either make an impact, or get someone
pregnant. You decide the thing that's going to get you towards your goals.
