---
title: Stacking Growth
date: 2017-08-30 00:00:00 Z
categories:
- growth
- blacklet
layout: post
---

## I've Been Slacking

I haven't been as organized about this launch as I should have been. In fact, I have been really lazy in a lot of
areas during this launch. It's a combination of stress and a lack of planning, and a lack of getting things off of
my plate.

Needless to say, the launch sould be doing better. I've so far collected 250 emails - my goal was 1000.

I don't want to spend a ton more money, meaning I am going to have to do it the old-fashioned and manual way.

I still haven't utilized all of the channels yet, such as pinterest and twitter. One thing I might do is get a list of 100
or 200 Instagram influencers with 10k to 50k followers to get on board. I can offer them free stuff in exchange for spreading
the word. If I got 100 influencers with 10k followers, that's 1M potential reach.

Especially now with campaign monitored posts, it would be really easy to see how they are performing when it launches. That's
probably my best idea to get the biggest reach for "free". If I give out 200 ($2000 cost) notebooks, it would be chump change if I was 
able to get 1000 ($30k revenue, at least $10k profit) orders, which would be 5 orders per influencer.

That's a number I would love to reach. I know what I'll be doing this week and next (that's why I'm writing this, to figure out what I am doing 😂)

## It's About Omnipresence

Be everwhere at once, and stack your growth. 

Here's Justin Wu's simple take on Kickstarter growth:

1. When growing any company, product and service focus - you have to put in maximum effort for growth. No part-time growth. You get part time results. 10x mindset.
2. Plan your roadmap. Those who don't plan are planning to fail. Take a pause, and think about methodically all the steps you need to take in the next few months.
Map it out. You might not have all the answers, but who cares? Fill in as much dots as possible. It gives you a clear path to execute on. You can add more as you go and know more.
3. Stack Growth. You have to run campaigns across multiple channels through a lot of experimentation.
4. Build a funnel; a place where all your customers, traffic etc and flow through. Everything should follow this customer journey.

You cannot just expect to run one ad campaign, one channel, etc and base your growth on that.

Even if acquisition costs come in high, take those leads and add it to your overall stack and keep pushing forward.
